**Functions**
A function is a set of instruction that achieves something specific. When we are talking about a function, we'll include parentheses () after its name. We'll start by looking at built-in functions, which are already built into the programming language.

The setup() Function
The first built-in function we'll be looking at is setup(). The setup() function automatically runs when the program is run. By default it doesn't do anything, but it is overrideable, meaning we can change what it does.

To override setup(), we write the following:

function setup() {
  
}
Inside the curly braces {} we write the code we want to run during the setup part of our program.

**The createCanvas() Function**
The second built-in function we'll be looking at is the createCanvas(). This function creates the canvas for us to draw our sketch. However, we need to tell it how large we want the canvas to be.

An additional piece of information, such as size, that a function uses is called a parameter. Telling a program to run a function is called calling a function.

To call function with parameters, we put the parameters inside the parentheses. If there's more than one parameter, we separated them by commas.

The createCanvas() function requires two parameters: the width of the canvas and the height of the canvas, in pixels. Let's suppose we want a canvas that is 500px by 300px. We can do that with this line of code:

createCanvas(500, 300);
The semicolon ; at the end indicates the end of a statement. Calling a function is one example of a statement. Semicolons are optional, but highly recommended.

We always want to create the canvas during the setup, so we put the following line in the body of setup(). The body of a function is the space between the curly braces.

function setup() {
  createCanvas(500, 300);
}
Notice the tab space in front of createCanvas(500, 300);. Whenever we write code within curly braces, each line will have one more preceding tab space compared to the line with the opening curly brace.

windowWidth and windowHeight
A variable stores a value. The value can vary, hence the name vary-able. The first two built-in variables we'll look at are windowWidth and windowHeight. These variables store the dimensions of the window that the canvas will go on. The values depend on the size of your browser. To create a canvas with the maximum dimensions, we can use windowWidth for the width of the canvas and windowHeight for the height of the canvas.

function setup() {
  createCanvas(windowWidth, windowHeight);
}
width and height
The next two built-in variables we'll be looking at are width and height. Once we call createCanvas(), these two variables store the width and height of the canvas. We can use these values throughout the program.

The Console
The console is the window in the bottom-right corner that says "console" above it. To make it appear, click on the wrench icon (🔧) within the webview window. The console is used to interact with the program while it is running. Whenever we get a error, we will see a red error message there.
